Add Users with unique titles (#2846)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Users_with_unique_titles/en.md

- ![][flag_FI] [ProfessionalBox](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3250792)
- ![][flag_TW] [SnowNiNo_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2506267)
- ![][flag_KR] [Spectator](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/702598)
- ![][flag_FR] [Supairo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2837231)

![][flag_US] [Charles445](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/85000) received this title after already having an Elite Mapper title, so it was "upgraded" to **Elite Mapper II: Aspirant**.

### osu!remix contest winners

The osu!remix contests award the **osu!mixer** title as a first-place prize.

- ![][flag_US] [BilliumMoto](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3862471)

### Featured Artists

[Featured Artists](/wiki/Featured_Artists) with osu! accounts are given the **Featured Artist** title to show their involvement.

- ![][flag_US] [antiPLUR](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7318723)
- ![][flag_AT] [creosu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13958834)
- ![][flag_US] [Dictate](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5983379)
- ![][flag_SE] [Helblinde](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/48053)
- ![][flag_DE] [KIRA](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2138310)
- ![][flag_JP] [nakanojojo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10631848)
- ![][flag_US] [onumi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11204867)

> - ![][flag_ES] [sotuiofficial](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14779258)

Reviewer: Refine to say this is due to "Rising Sun Trax"?

Author: will put all of their fa pages here

| ![][flag_RU] [tieff](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/89619) | Featured Artist |
| ![][flag_US] [Toy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2757689) | osu! Champion |
| ![][flag_KR] [Transcendence](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/903155) | osu!mania Champion |
| ![][flag_JP] [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719) | osu!taiko Champion |
| ![][flag_JP] [v2fax](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7739269) | osu!taiko Champion |
| ![][flag_US] [Vaxei](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4787150) | osu! Champion |
| ![][flag_CA] [VINXIS](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4323406) | Featured Artist |
| ![][flag_KR] [W h i t e](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/685229) | Elite Mapper |
| ![][flag_KR] [wonder5193](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8474029) | osu!mania Champion |
| ![][flag_US] [xasuma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3172980) | The First Completionist |
| ![][flag_SE] [Xgor](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/98661) | Elite Mapper |
| ![][flag_KR] [Yeoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4698728) | osu!mania champion |
| ![][flag_HM] [Zallius](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/55) | Boats |
| ![][flag_DE] [Zetera](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/587737) | Medal Hunter |
| ![][flag_CL] [ZiRoX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/200768) | Elite Mapper |

> [flag_AT]: /wiki/shared/flag/AT.gif

Reviewer 2: Did you want to add the title text for the country name here?

# Users with unique titles

> User titles are typically associated with [user groups](/wiki/People/The_Team#user-groups), but the users listed here were given their titles for other reasons. Most of the titles were rewards for contribution or achievement, with the remaining being tokens of iconic or funny osu! history.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
User titles are typically associated with [user groups](/wiki/People/The_Team#user-groups), but the users listed below were given their titles for other reasons. Most of the titles were rewards for contributions or achievements, with the remaining being tokens of iconic or funny osu! history.
```

- ![][flag_JP] [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719)
- ![][flag_JP] [v2fax](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7739269)

Winners of CWC 2019 with the **osu!catch Champion** user title:

- ![][flag_KR] [[224]Hyperw7](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4158549)
- ![][flag_KR] [Berea](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3657951)
- ![][flag_KR] [Motion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626)
- ![][flag_KR] [qwhj1027](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7547506)
- ![][flag_KR] [R-18](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4637369)

Winners of MWC 4K 2019 with the **osu!mania Champion** user title:

- ![][flag_KR] [blueBloody](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8046839)
- ![][flag_KR] [Kalkai](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10790649)
- ![][flag_KR] [SuddenDeath](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6699923)
- ![][flag_KR] [Transcendence](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/903155)
- ![][flag_KR] [wonder5193](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8474029)
- ![][flag_KR] [Yeoul](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4698728)

Winners of MWC 7K 2019 with the **osu!mania Champion** user title:

- ![][flag_KR] [Estonians](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7014697)
- ![][flag_KR] [Jakads](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/259972)
- ![][flag_KR] [NKEYBOARD](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10132430)

> - ![][flag_KR] [wonder5193](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8474029)

Reviewer 3: I have mixed feelings about having to update the article 5 times a year. Maybe delete the installments and players and leave something like `Winners of the {TYPE} World Cup receive the **osu!{TYPE} Champion** user title` or something like this

Author: this article is supposed to list all of the people, though. world cups already need other wiki things to be updated regularly

- ![][flag_CA] [jonathanlfj](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/270377)
- ![][flag_CA] [ktgster](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/53378)
- ![][flag_NL] [Kyshiro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/640611)
- ![][flag_NL] [Lesjuh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/44308)
- ![][flag_TW] [Licnect](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/352804)
- ![][flag_AU] [Lilac](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/58197)
- ![][flag_ID] [LordRaika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3265023)
- ![][flag_AU] [m980](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3288)
- ![][flag_US] [MMzz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/128993)
- ![][flag_CN] [Necho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4086593)
- ![][flag_FR] [Nofool](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/672430)
- ![][flag_US] [RLC](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1047883)
- ![][flag_MY] [RyoKazuka](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6258586)
- ![][flag_CN] [Ryuusei Aika](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7777875)
- ![][flag_SG] [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057)
- ![][flag_LY] [Soul Evans](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4490770)
- ![][flag_KR] [Taeyang](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2732340)
- ![][flag_KR] [W h i t e](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/685229)
- ![][flag_SE] [Xgor](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/98661)
- ![][flag_CL] [ZiRoX](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/200768)

### Aspire mapping contest winners

> The Aspire mapping contests featured a special variation of the Elite Mapper title called **Elite Mapper: Aspirant** as a prize.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Aspire mapping contests feature a special variation of the Elite Mapper title called **Elite Mapper: Aspirant** as a prize.
```
